The contents of this directory are (basically) the first step
in creating .NET bindings, to libraries based on GObject.

WHO USES THE SOURCES DIRECTORY
------------------------------

    This directory is essentially the starting point in the creation
    of a .NET binding. Most people can safely ignore it. (If all
    you want to do is build Gtk#, then you can ignore what's in this
    directory.)

    This directory is not part of the normal build process for Gtk#.
    But is instead used by people wishing to update an existing .NET
    binding; or to create a new .NET binding (for a GObject based library).

    The result of running "make api" on this directory (once everything
    is set up) are the various '*-api.raw' XML files that you find in the
    corresponding directories. Those XML files will then be used to generate
    the C# code. And then that C# code is used to create the various .DLL
    files.

    Please refer to http://www.mono-project.com/GAPI for a more complete and
    up-to-date guide to this process.


WHAT'S REQUIRED
---------------

    Before you can do anything here, you need to get the source
    code to the various libraries (which you are generating .NET
    bindings for). And then do a little configuring. The current
    list of libraries that Gtk# supports is in the sources.xml and Makefile.am
    files.

    If you create a new binding that is part of Gtk#, be sure to add it to this
    list.

    There are two ways to get this source code, as you will see in the
    next section.


SETTING THINGS UP
-----------------

    To set things up, you need to get the source code to the libraries listed
    above. There are two (alternate) methods of doing this.

        Method 1)
            Download and unpack the source code manually.

        Method 2)
            Run:
                make get-source-code

    (Method 2 is probably the easiest way to do it for most people. It
    automatically goes and downloads everything you need, and sets everything
    up for you.)

    For more information, please refer to http://www.mono-project.com/GAPI
